Rise Against - The Black Market
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXUAX9mREuI

Johnossi - Air Is Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQDTG-caCOs

Mad World (Young Guns) Drum Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIBjS-GZuf0

Dropkick - Murphys Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKNdd522lGk

Thrice - Black Honey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9GTEsNf_GU

Red Hot Chili Peppers - The Getaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w4d_mmJOGM

Nickelback - Feed The Machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtVU--O29oY

Kings Of Leon - The Final Chapter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldaMJG_sb1

Blink-182 - Bored to Death
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yGipyel-3I

Guttermouth - Mail Order Bride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EshI48GTlTM

A Day To Remember- In Florida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apsAXjf0giE

Sum 41 - Fake My Own Death
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waixG1Dhr3w

FOALS - Mountain At My Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_EIE5f2t6M

RAZZ - Youth & Enjoyment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHbGSoQy1I8

Good Charlotte - Life Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDWkQVd8w5Q

Of Mice & Men - Real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTojw1XQdbw

Broilers - Keine Hymnen heute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNbxzoWT0Vo

Biffy Clyro - Animal Style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAsda7veaxo

Circa Waves - Wake Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk6ALqQLits

Foo Fighters - Congregation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZHtZrfFuhU

System Of A Down - Chop Suey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY

Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk

Red Hot Chili Peppers - Dani California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb5aq5HcS1A

Sum 41 - Fatlip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMX2lPum_pg

Lordi - Hard Rock Hallelujah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6Xl9tBWt54

Oomph! - Augen auf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuLPJg2gwjQ

Oomph! - Das letzte Streichholz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpSfgzeabqM

Eisblume - Eisblumen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSRohpppsnE

Oomph! - Gott ist ein Popstar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0JfEhNOg3A

Russian Rammstein - Du Riechst So Gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJboSby7nW0

AKADO - DARKSIDE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhWymI0zkho

Dream State - White Lies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwkUq3cXe8o

Icon For Hire - Make A Move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_S9VvJM1PI

Saltatio Mortis - Heimdall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6xXsp03wyg

dArtagnan - Was wollen wir trinken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiR-5swzlvE

OMNIA - Fee Ra Huri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J56VVtlZCGE

Saltatio Mortis - Dorn im Ohr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzDRrmFB3Uc

J.B.O. - Alles nur geklaut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rjgkmpxo7wc

AC/DC - Thunderstruck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM

AC/DC - Highway to Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEPmA3USJdI

2CELLOS - Highway To Hell feat. Steve Vai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfGggAGITwg

LORDI - Naked In My Cellar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQhrSPAtu24

Lordi - Would You Love A Monsterman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUpuCBTrbKo

Pentakill - Mortal Reminder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-mT9D4fdgQ

ARCH ENEMY - The World Is Yours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk2-bgwA0Ro

ARCH ENEMY - The Eagle Flies Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjF1rmSV1dM

Foo Fighters - The Pretender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBjQ9tuuTJQ

Red Hot Chili Peppers - Can't Stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DyziWtkfBw

Red Hot Chili Peppers - Tell Me Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDNcL1VP3rY

Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k

3 Doors Down - Inside Of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ovL9qoeNSU

3 Doors Down - Let Me Be Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmDYbiyMHvo

Billy Talent - Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPabKxzcy6o

Billy Talent - Rusted From The Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAOnUF8t20w

Billy Talent - Nothing To Lose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYAWtJXU1To
