Drowning Pool - Bodies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04F4xlWSFh0

EPICA - Sacred & Wild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmYnNxX5ZkU

POWERWOLF - Incense & Iron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uttlRqHpvNs

Bring Me The Horizon - Throne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow_qI_F2ZJI

Bring Me The Horizon - Shadow Moses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k9qDxyxS3s

Bring Me The Horizon - Can You Feel My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJJYpsA5tv8

Powerwolf - In the Name of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FdnA4SyYzE

Billy Talent - Fallen Leaves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPg63uxYwN0

Billy Talent - Red Flag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2UktJtKpFw

Metallica - Nothing Else Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAGnKpE4NCI

Metallica - Fuel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvF9PAxe5Ng

Metallica - One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM8bTdBs-cw

Metallica - Whiskey In The Jar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsrvmNtWU4E

Metallica - Enter Sandman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-E-LDc384

Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWKbfoikeg

Slipknot - The Devil In I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEEasR7hVhA

Slipknot - Psychosocial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5abamRO41fE

Slipknot - Duality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fVE8kSM43I

Slipknot - Spit It Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPUZwriSX4M

Slipknot - Before I Forget
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw2LU1yS7aw

Slipknot - Wait And Bleed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1zCN0YhW1s

Korn - Freak On a Leash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRGrNDV2mKc

Korn - Falling Away from Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s3iGpDqQpQ

Korn ft. Skrillex - Get Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VenNcnqeAgQ

Korn - Black Is The Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0EY-vQXRwc

Avenged Sevenfold - Hail To The King
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DelhLppPSxY

Avenged Sevenfold - Afterlife
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIRNdveLnJI

Avenged Sevenfold - A Little Piece Of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VurhzANQ_B0

Avenged Sevenfold - Nightmare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94bGzWyHbu0

Avenged Sevenfold - Welcome to the Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLoNbArsQP0

Avenged Sevenfold - Carry On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJbrTgUL0Dk

Avenged Sevenfold - So Far Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7ry4cx6HfY

Avenged Sevenfold - God Damn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wapOqjQ4r_M

Avenged Sevenfold - Shepherd Of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bT8FEOJEFcI

Avenged Sevenfold - The Stage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBYVlFXsEME

System Of A Down - Chop Suey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY

System Of A Down - B.Y.O.B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUzd9KyIDrM

System of a Down - Toxicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64FrYGRrKVY

System Of A Down - Violent Pornography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrHFknW-i64

System Of A Down - Lonely Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnGdoEa1tPg

System Of A Down - Hypnotize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoheCz4t2xc

SUICIDE SILENCE - You Only Live Once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=312Sb-2PovA

SUICIDE SILENCE - Disengage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FukeNR1ydOA

SUICIDE SILENCE - Unanswered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yr5rn3Sv_4

Rammstein - Du Hast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3q8Od5qJio

Rammstein - Sonne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StZcUAPRRac

Rammstein - Rammstein
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sM2sKk4DPM

Rammstein - Feuer Frei!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkW-K5RQdzo

Rammstein - Amerika
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr8ljRgcJNM

Rammstein - Benzin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0wK6s-6cbo
